Use complex module definition for edge and api-docs (#392)
RedHatInsights/cloud-services-config: README.md

To indicate which module should be loaded when rendering your app (you can have multiple modules per one scope). This is usually `./RootApp`

##### app_id.frontend.module.group

> If you have first level application to indicate which group should be managed by this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a first-level application, this field indicates which group should be managed by this module.
```
